
This application serves 3 URL's:

/bookstore/books - list all books
/bookstore/authors - lists all authors
/bookstore/books-by-author/<author> - list all books written or co-written by a specific author

Task 1
------

It uses a file repository, but unfortunately it is not entirely stable. A call to get the books
mostly succeeds, but can occasionally result in a read error, it can run out of memory, or it can
be in an illegal state.

These errors needs to be handled, in the following way:
- for a read error, 2 retry attempts should be made. If both retries fails, it should return
  the http code 404 (not found).
- for out-of-memory, it should not retry but just return http 503, and the http header
  "Retry-After" with a value of 10.
- for illegal state, the server should stop handling requests normally, but instead
  return 500 (internal server error) for all future calls.

All of this should be logged.

Task 2 (if applicable):

- Make a tasks.html that contains all the text on this page, but in html with proper layout
- Add javascript functionality, where the description of each error is hidden, but can be displayed
  by clicking it (e.g. the first point in the list above is only "for a read error", but when clicked
  will expand to the full text of "for a read error, 2 retry attempts".
- The background color of the expanded information should be green

Task 3:

given the following tables:

create table book (id number, publisher_id number, title varchar(20), isbn varchar(10));
create table author (id number, book_id number, name varchar(100));
create publisher (id number, name varchar(20));

Write the following SQL's:
- An SQL that lists all books
- An SQL that lists all publishers, and the number of books each of them have published
- An SQL that lists all authors that have written books published by different publishers,
  together with all their books.

Task 4:

You log on to a unix system, and run ls, and you see the following

$ ls
directory1 directory2
$

1 write the commands you think you would need to:
  - enter directory1
  - print all lines containing "hello" in all files that ends with ".txt" inside that directory

2 instead of just doing the above for directory1, write a command to do the above for all
  directories (as a for loop).




